qownnotes: add page (#12089)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/qownnotes.md

# qownnotes

> > Markdown note taking application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Markdown note-taking application.
```

> > Optionally integrates with the notes application of Nextcloud and ownCloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Optionally integrates with the note-taking applications of Nextcloud and ownCloud.
```
